[ Man ]
Previously on Sons of Anarchy.
We both know
you still got an A.T.F.
target on your back.
You really think it’s safe
filling this new space
with illegal gun parts?
You sell, ship, store.
You load your saddlebags
to deliver.
Charger to charger,
give you 20%.
- M.C. Pony Express
is gonna cost you 28%.
- Okay.
- Call a vote, Prez.
- All in favor–
Deal.
You and Clay,
guys are worried.
Nothing to worry about.
Convince me.
Who are you?
We feel it would be best
for you to stop dealing arms to
the One-Niners and the Mayans.
You’re done selling guns
to colored.
Nobody threatens Sam Crow.
Black, brown or white.
- Who the hell’s that?
- Friend of Darby’s.
Nothing to worry about.
My baby swallowed something!
He’s choking! Please help me!
I need you to pass on
a message to your old man.
Tell him to stop selling guns
to niggers and wetbacks,
or we find you
and we do this again.
- Oh, my God.
- Get me out of here.
Promise me,
you won’t tell anyone.
- We’ve got to tell Clay.
- Not Clay, not Jax. No one.
[ Squawks ]
♪♪ [ Stereo:
Woman Singing Ballad ]
♪ The way down ♪
[ Clay Gasps ]
Shit.
♪ To the bottom ♪♪
Ow.
Let me.
Come on.
Let me do it.
[ Sighs ]
[ Grunts ]
Cortisone helping?
I’m fine without it.
I know.
[ Gasps ]
[ Grunts ]
[ Sighs ]
Good.
When you back?
Tomorrow.
Be safe.
Thanks.
♪♪ [ Continues, Indistinct ]
Maybe some time away
will help you, huh?
Get past
whatever this is.
Maybe.
What’s the run?
Blood drive–
Children’s Hospital
in Eureka.
Sam Crow, community servants.
That’s what
we’re all about, baby.
Yeah.
[ Abel Crying ]
Aw.
My boy.
The master of timing.
I love you.
I love you too.
I got him.
[ Sighs ]
[ Crying Stops ]
[ Footsteps Approaching ]
[ Jax ]
Here we go.
[ Cooing ]
What?
I’m your old lady.
[ Laughs ]
Come on.
Let’s get you
some breakfast, huh?
Get you big and strong.
♪♪ [ Man Singing Rock,
Indistinct ]
[ Man ]
Have you got it all?
[ Man #2 ]
Yeah, we got everything
we’re gonna need– beer, food.
Hey. Didn’t know
you were ridin’.
Clay wants me on the relay.
- Mary with the kids?
- The kids are fine, Jax.
- [ Motorcycle Revving,
Backfiring ]
- Right.
[ Chibs ]
Chitty Chitty Bang Bang.
[ Half-Sack ]
Hey, all right.
[ Whistles ]
Hey, it’s an old fat boy
on an old fat boy.
- Sorry.
- I thought you put
that beast to sleep.
This fat boy ain’t even
reached his prime.
- Barely looks like it can
reach the end of the lot.
- Best bike for a long ride.
And I’d put it up against
any of your pretty Dynas.
You hittin’ the gay rodeo
on the way?
[ Half-Sack ]
Yee-haw!
[ Opie ] It’s Captain Chaps.
- [ Laughter ]
- Cowhide can take the man-hide.
[ Tig ]
Get in line, Brokeback.
[ Half-Sack ]
Oh, man, really?
[ Jax ] Shit!
Aw, goddamn, man. Come on.
I gotta ride behind
that thing?
Shut up. You should be
used to getting sprayed
in the face, Prospect.
[ Jax ]
Usually by Bobby.
Eat me, Chibs.
The thing is,
I like a full scrote
when I snack on someone.
- Tasty.
- Oh, is that right?
Yeah.
Okay, well, pretty soon
you can have that.
- Are you gonna spontaneously
sprout a nut?
- [ Jax ] Boing.
No.
[ Jax ]
What, what, what, what?
- Gettin’ a neuticle.
- Gettin’ a what?
[ Bobby ]
You’re gettin’ a musical?
Musical?
A fake ball. A neuticle.
It’s an implant.
Give me a sense of symmetry.
Balance.
- [ Laughter ]
- Are you for real?
Oh, yeah. I’m just waitin’
for the V.A. insurance
to clear.
You’re getting
a glass ball?
No, no.
It’s not glass.
It’s like a–
What is it?
It feels real.
Like, uh, soft, you know?
Squishy.
Like, it’s not–
Like a real ball.
[ Mooing ]
I don’t even know– Come on.
I don’t even know
what that means.
[ Indistinct ]
It’s modern technology.
[ Chattering ]
Try to be
open here, okay?
I’ll be gentle.
Okay, real mature, guys.
Yeah, you’re a class act,
Chibs.
- What?
- You don’t wanna know.
Really.
- Hey, Bobby.
- Yeah?
Shoulder gonna hold up?
Yeah, the shoulder’s good.
Hey, uh, appreciate
you takin’ care of the garage
while I’m gone.
- No problem.
- Tell the boys
they can log some O.T.
- I don’t wanna get buried.
- I’ll keep an eye on her.
I, uh–
I know she’s been–
She’s fine.
You just worry about the cars.
They got my full attention.
What do you say, Prez?
Let’s go save the children.
- [ Cheering ]
- Come on, boys!
♪♪ [ Rock Beat ]
[ Shouting, Cheering ]
[ Man ]
♪ We’re going riding ♪
♪ In the neighborhood ♪
[ Car Alarm Beeping ]
♪ We’re gonna be free, yeah ♪♪
♪♪ [ Continues, Indistinct ]
[ Man ]
♪ Riding through this world ♪
♪ All alone ♪
♪ God takes your soul ♪
♪ You’re on your own ♪
♪ The crow flies straight ♪
♪ A perfect line ♪
♪ On the devil’s bed ♪
♪ Until you die ♪
♪ Gotta look this life ♪
♪ In the eye ♪♪
♪♪ [ Rock Beat ]
[ Man ]
♪ Mmm, yeah ♪
♪♪ [ Man Singing,
Indistinct ]
♪♪ [ Fades, Ends ]
Military surplus as cover–
Wish we thought of that.
- It’s Edmond. Boy’s a genius.
- [ Chibs ] Oh, yeah?
Must take after
his mother.
Obviously.
- [ Clay ]
How do we carry?
- Ten guns in each.
Roll it up. Strap it on.
Just a biker
with a bedroll.
Six riders, five dozen.
That’s a good haul.
Runs are set up
for the next three months.
One every two weeks.
We try to cover
as many runs as we can
with charity rides.
Cops never mess with us
when we’re... serving humanity.
Rest of the time,
travel in twos,
stay off the main roads–
Should be no problem.
The 32– Real pleased
the way this worked out
with Sam Crow.
Well, you tell
the scabby fence boys...
I’m all about the cause.
You can tell ’em yourself.
[ Cameron ]
Edmond.
Jimmy O, some
of the Falcarragh crew...
might be comin’ stateside,
time allows.
[ Speaking Irish Dialect ]
Their day will come.
[ Telephone Ringing ]
Oh, shit.
Yeah? Hold on.
- Mail.
- Just drop it there.
Anything I can do?
Hunt down the keys
to the gold Sebring.
Sure, darlin’.
Right this way, sweet cheeks.
Thanks.
Hmm.
♪♪ [ Radio:
Man Singing Rock, Faint ]
[ Indistinct Conversations ]
Good morning.
You looking for Sherman’s?
They closed last month.
Hope it wasn’t a return.
Sorry, ma’am.
[ No Audible Dialogue ]
[ Horn Honks ]
[ Woman ]
’Scuse me. Are you leaving?
[ Horn Honks ]
- [ Brakes Screech ]
- [ Horn Honks ]
Are you leaving,
or what?
[ Horn Honks ]
- [ Hammer Clicks ]
- Oh, shit!
♪♪ [ Mid-tempo
Heavy Metal Beat ]
[ Man ]
♪ Now ♪
[ Engine Backfiring ]
- [ Tires Squealing ]
- [ Yells ]
- Come on!
- [ Backfires ]
[ Groans ]
- [ Tires Squealing ]
- Oh, shit!
[ Clay ]
Hey! Who’s down?
[ Half-Sack ]
Tig! Tig!
Tig, you all right?
Shit, Tig. Tig!
[ Car Door Opens ]
I got a disturbing call
from a woman.
Says you pulled
a gun on her.
[ Laughs ]
Yeah.
That’s it?
Just... yeah?
I didn’t shoot her.
Wh-What the hell am I
supposed to do with that?
You gonna hit a bank
or something?
It’s what they were wearing.
Who?
Oh, Jesus.
Yeah, someone dropped it
in our mailbox today–
in the Sherman’s bag.
They’re just trying
to rattle you.
Sherman’s.
Holy shit. Zobelle.
Look, I’m sorry about the gun.
Come on. Lemme–
Lemme take you home.
There’s somethin’
I gotta do.
[ Engine Starts ]
I’ll be okay.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Wanna give me the gun?
Sure.
I’ll return it later.
He’s stable.
Get him to Admitting.
- Sorry, man.
- You just get patched up.
We’ll come by
after the drop.
I’m gonna shove that bike
so far up your ass–
Gonna be just... fine.
You tend to his
every beck and call.
Wipe his goddamn ass,
if that’s what
he wants you to do.
Call Piney.
Tell him we got two bikes down.
Gonna need the flatbed.
That’s you. Call Piney.
I got it.
I can take it.
I said I got it.
What the hell
are you talkin’ about,
you can’t take him?
Mr. Trager
has basic coverage.
He can only be admitted
to a hospital
in his plan.
He’s bleedin’ in your hallway.
I’m sorry.
We’ll have to transfer him
to Red Bluff.
He’s stable enough
to travel.
How about you give him
some pain meds?
I can give him
some Advil.
He’s got a gash the size
of your attitude on his leg.
Got enough Advil for that?
How much longer?
There’s good news
and bad news.
You’re stable enough to travel.
What do you mean?
Travel where?
Well, that’s the bad news.
We gotta move you
to another hospital.
- H.M.O. bullshit!
- Christ. Come on.
Stitch me up!
Sons of bitches!
Call Red Bluff.
We need this guy shuttled–
Quicker, the better.
Okay.
[ Man On P.A. ]
Orderly to the blood bank.
Hey, it’s me.
Run this name through
your database?
Alexander Trager.
[ Bell Dings ]
♪♪ [ P.A.: Classical ]
Oh, Chief.
We’re, uh, not open
for a few days,
but is there something
I can help you with?
Not lookin’ for smokes.
I know who you are.
What you do.
If you’re referring
to the League
of American Nationalists–
I’m not talkin’
about what you do
with a suit and tie.
I’m talking about
what you do
with the rubber masks.
I’m afraid
you have me at a loss.
Things work themselves around.
Your time will come.
That sounds like a threat.
Charming’s a special town.
Not many folks take to it.
I like to think
the town chooses
its occupants.
Right ones stay,
wrong ones disappear.
I hate Kaiser.
Oh, shit.
That bitch still has
your insurance card.
I got it.
Where the hell
is that deadbeat hospital?
Find out.
What do you
want me to do?
Find out.
Ask who’s ever in there.
Clay said your task
is to be my bitch.
He did?
Yeah. I got
one request.
You leave that
piece-of-shit fat boy
on the side of the road.
Dude, that is my–
Side of the road.
That is my baby.
That is the first bike–
No. You almost killed me.
- [ Men Shouting ]
- Whoa, whoa, whoa!
Get up.
On your knees.
- Get off me!
- Jesus!
Goddamn it! Bobby!
- Tig! Tig!
- Watch my leg, you dick.
- Don’t worry. We’ll find you.
- Bobby! Bobby!
[ Half-Sack ]
Shit!
[ Backfires ]
Damn bike.
Follow ’em!
Don’t lose him.
[ Clay ]
Where the hell
were you guys?
And you just let ’em–
No, no.
You just wait there.
You’ve done enough
goddamn damage today.
- What?
- Bounty hunters–
Just picked up Tig.
What the hell for?
They didn’t stop
to say.
Half-Sack’s trailin’ ’em.
Jesus Christ.
How does that happen?
- Ask the Jew in leather.
- Could have been
the hospital.
Bounty hunters’ll pay admins
to call in names on
nefarious types.
If Tig had
an outstanding warrant,
I’d know about it.
Might be out of state.
Bounty’s big enough, they could
be haulin’ his ass to Maine.
- We gotta go after him.
- We got a delivery to make.
Hey, the bondsmen
have no jurisdiction.
There’s nothin’ to stop us
takin’ him back.
What’s stoppin’ us...
is six bedrolls
full of illegal handguns.
We go after him now,
we got a chance.
- He crosses state lines–
- Tig was here,
he’d vote to deliver the guns.
We dump the bedrolls somewhere
safe. Relay gets pushed
by a few hours.
We’re goin’.
- Maybe we should call a vote.
- Vote all you want.
I’m delivering the guns.
[ Engine Starts ]
[ Engine Catches, Misses ]
Goddamn it. Shit!
I got it. I got it.
[ Grunts ]
- [ Jax ]
On three.
- Ready?
Some days I can’t even
get my dick outta my pants.
That’s what prospects
are for.
[ Laughs ]
Yeah.
You all right?
Family?
I guess.
The road helps.
Reminds me of why I signed up
for all this bullshit
in the first place.
Amen, bro.
We gotta go get Tig.
This thing between
you and Jax–
I don’t know what it is,
but it’s pulling focus
from what we are.
I’m with you either way.
He okay?
He just needs to know
we’ve got his back.
Let’s go get Tig.
[ Engines Start ]
[ Woman On P.A. ]
Dr. Evans to
first floor lounge.
- I got your page.
- Chief Unser
is looking for you.
Is everything okay?
You tell me.
You seem to get
a lot of visitors,
both sides of the law.
Dr. Pillman, 5-3-0-7.
Chief?
Didn’t mean
to pull you away
from anything.
What is it?
Gemma.
Something happen?
She’s... out of sorts.
It’s a matter of time
before she hurts someone.
Herself.
But I’m not sure
how to help her.
She has to talk to somebody
about what happened.
I tried.
You care about her.
Known her since she was 12.
[ Chuckles ]
Me and Emily Koza
is the ones...
that tried to talk her
out of running away.
She split when she was 16.
Came back 10 years later
with a baby
and a motorcycle club.
Sort of like you did,
except without the baby
and such.
Yeah.
You and Jax
seem to be doing okay.
Yeah. We’re trying
to figure it out.
What do you...
make of us?
The doctor and biker.
Seen stranger pairings.
Uh, excuse me.
Cardio-respiratory tech
is looking for you.
Thank you.
Don’t think on it
too hard, Doc.
Come across somethin’
don’t make you miserable,
enjoy it.
[ Indistinct Conversation ]
You guys
take a break.
[ Indistinct ]
It’s all good.
[ Cell Phone Ringing ]
[ Beeps ]
[ No Audible Dialogue ]
[ Grunts ]
[ Sniffs ]
No one’s gonna tell me
why I got scooped up?
Nothin’?
No small talk?
No "Hundred Bottles
of Beer on the Wall"?
"Row, Row, Row Your Boat"?
Wow.
[ Sighing ]
Wow. Okay.
I’ll start.
I’m guessin’ you played
college ball there, baldy.
Offensive line.
Too much of a pussy
to make the pro,
- and too stupid to graduate.
- Shut your mouth, asshole.
Oh, you are clearly
in it because of
your aggression issues.
- You hear what he said?
- And you’re at least
half a fag.
You’re probably
in love with him,
and this job–
[ Lisping ]
It’s your way of staying close.
- [ Groans ]
- Knock it off!
We don’t collect
if we bring him in beaten.
It’s Oregon.
Oregon?
I’ve got nothing outstanding
in Oregon.
2001–
Assault and indecent exposure
inside a livestock transport.
[ Chuckles ]
Shit!
Thought that got squashed.
Nope.
You skipped
on a $40,000 bond.
Sick bastard.
[ Sighs ]
You’re dyin’
to ask me, aren’t you?
Go ahead.
- Bet you got
half a stiffie, Oprah.
- Gag him.
- Mmm.
- [ Man Groans ]
Jesus Christ!
Break it up!
Okay, okay.
- Aaah!
[ Groans ]
- Crazy son of a bitch.
- Get him outta here now.
- Get off of me!
Get me outta here.
[ Grunting ]
[ Tig Groaning ]
[ Groans ]
[ Laughing ]
What are you–
What are you hittin’ me for?
I was cooperatin’.
Shit.
[ Laughing ]
Whoo!
Where are the bounty hunters?
They got Tig
maybe two miles down the road
at a hotel.
Talk to Gemma?
I tried
to get ahold of her...
and let her know
I was comin’ up here,
but nothin’.
Where the hell is she?
I don’t know.
Your old lady doesn’t
take kindly to people
prying into her shit.
Yeah.
I, uh– I had
Dog and Clayton
lock the place up...
in case she doesn’t
get back.
All right. Hey.
Thanks, old man.
Sure.
They got Tig in a motel
about two miles down the road.
Four of ’em.
- Sporting heavy hardware.
- First floor, Room 12.
Why did they stop
at a motel?
I don’t know.
They beat the shit out of Tig
on the side of the road.
The motel was the next stop.
That crazy prick
must’ve provoked ’em.
- Can’t bring him in
beat up to a pulp.
- So they’re patchin’ him up.
A’ight, let’s go handle this.
They hit a motel.
They got a long ride ahead
of them. They’re gonna
be there for a while.
Call up the run.
Tell the boys from Tacoma,
get back down here.
That’s gonna take hours.
We gotta do this now.
No.
He’s right.
We don’t know how long
they’re gonna keep him there.
In broad daylight?
This is the way we stay
off the radar, right?
We’re gonna be doin’ runs
up here every two weeks–
with a blanket full of guns.
And bringin’ five more guys
into the mix is gonna
make it low-profile?
We wait until dark.
Somebody goes out for food–
We don’t know they’re
gonna be here after dark.
We got eight on four.
You heard Bobby.
They’re armed to the teeth.
We have no idea what kind of
firepower they’re sittin’ on.
We got handguns.
We got surprise.
Call the guys.
Call a vote.
You don’t call a vote.
Don’t lay
your goddamn hands on me!
Hey, you two, come on!
Everybody’s fried.
And it’s my fault.
I got Tig hurt.
Stupid shit.
But everybody’s
got to calm down.
Huh?
Have a smoke. Take a walk.
Everybody, clear your head.
[ Engine Starts ]
Where you goin’?
You wanna get this done,
jump on the back.
This is bad.
I got a feeling
it’s about to get worse.
- Chibs, Sack, come on!
- What’s up?
Shit kickin’.
I’m in.
Whoa.
[ Clay ]
Where the hell you goin’?
♪♪ [ Heavy Metal Beat ]
Shit!
[ Sighs ]
Got worse quick.
We have a plan here?
Ask the old man.
All right, hang on, guys.
Well, it’s a simple plan.
Shit!
Arm up, ladies.
Yeah!
♪♪ [ Man Singing,
Indistinct ]
- [ Chibs ]
Let’s go!
- Don’t move!
[ Chibs ]
Or we’ll blow your balls off!
Hey, guys.
Listen, I gotta tell ya–
It’s been a lot of fun.
Really gotta go.
This is my ride.
I just wanna thank you
for everything.
And hopefully we can
do it again sometime.
[ Chibs ]
Go! Go!
[ Half-Sack ]
Go, go! Go!
[ Laughing ]
[ No Audible Dialogue ]
[ Cell Phone Rings ]
Hello? Hey, buddy.
Good. How was practice?
Oh, that’s awesome, Cliffy.
I told you–
You focus, shit happens, right?
Yeah. Absolutely.
Should be.
Well, you help
your brother with that.
[ Laughs ]
Cliffy, just get it done.
All right, buddy.
All right.
See you later.
[ Car Door Closes ]
[ Engine Starts ]
[ Sighs ]
[ Car Drives Off ]
You think I got a death wish?
Sounds like
some crazy shit, brother.
- No comment?
- Just a little cautious,
I guess.
Not sure what I say
ain’t gonna land
in Clay’s ear.
- What the hell
does that mean?
- You tell me, bro.
Don’t drag me into whatever
bullshit you got goin’ on
with step-daddy, all right?
Yeah.
I know you’re pissed,
but the guys were right
this time.
That motel
was a quick stop.
I would have been in Oregon
by the end of the day.
Take him to St. Thomas.
Hopefully that’s in your plan.
You know,
this isn’t on Jax.
It was my idea.
Just have to blame it
on the, uh,
dementia.
[ Laughs ]
Oh, shit.
Gonna be a long ride,
Tigger.
Got another straw?
There you go.
Guys are one short.
Yeah, we laid a bike down
outside of Chico.
We got all the cargo though.
I figured
it’d be Tig.
Is he whole?
Yeah. We’re perfect.
All right, guys,
pack it up.
[ Man ]
Hey, all cool, brother.
[ Man #2 ]
Right.
Yeah, man.
Right on.
Cool.
[ Man ]
They’re good.
Strap those on tight.
[ Knocking ]
[ Wayne ]
Gemma?
[ Knocking ]
It’s Wayne.
Hey.
Oh, yeah. Right.
You do know
the serial number’s
been ground off that.
[ Scoffs ]
Anonymity suits me.
Prefer it didn’t end up
in your bag again.
Not sure I can make
that promise.
I got no idea
how to help you, Gemma.
All I can do
is my job.
I ain’t gonna let
nothin’ else bad
happen to you.
Yeah.
Okay.
Night.
[ Door Shuts ]
[ Chattering, Laughing ]
[ Woman ]
Whoo!
♪♪ [ Rock ]
Easy there, darlin’.
That one’s
got a glass ball.
It’s actually
a crystal ball.
Allows me to see
the future of my penis.
How’s that workin’ out for you?
It’s doin’ pretty good.
You roll a shitty-assed joint.
A masterpiece.
We get back, I’m gonna lock
Jax and Clay in a room.
Gotta work this shit out.
It’s more than that.
Jax has gotta get over
his dead daddy shit.
Bollocks. Clay can’t
deal with the fact
he’s gettin’ older...
and the kid’s pushin’ him out.
Clay’s not goin’ anywhere.
I didn’t know
what the old man was up to
till we were crashin’ through.
I don’t give a shit
about today.
Where does this go tomorrow?
Next week?
Where’s what go?
Your need to undermine
my every goddamn play.
I got no need
to undermine you.
Things I call out
are about the club.
Nah.
About you and me.
Yeah. Maybe they are.
Guess I gotta get right
with you–
What you did.
Yeah.
You do.
Well, you got decades
of experience.
Why don’t you tell me
how I do that?
How I get right with you
tryin’ to kill a brother
behind the club’s back–
Your little trigger boy blowin’
an innocent woman’s head off?
Well,
you’re gonna have
to figure that out
for yourself, Son.
But...
I’d do it soon.
’Cause if you mention Donna
or the incident again,
I’ll kill ya.